# Covid-Visualizer

The outbreak and diffusion of SARS-CoV-2, responsible for the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), has caused an emergency in the health system worldwide. After a first development in Wuhan, China, the virus spread in other countries. The World Health Organization declared the pandemic diffusion of COVID-19, and restrictive measures to limit contagion have been taken in several countries. The importance of infection control and rate of infection is therefore crucial in limiting the effects of virus diffusion. Due to the rapidly evolving situation, further assessment of the spread of COVID-19 outbreak is needed.
We aim to discuss the spread of COVID-19 across different states and counties. We will use different data visualization techniques to visualize the cases and deaths across different counties. Data visualization is a general term that describes any effort to help people understand the significance of data by placing it in a visual context. Patterns, trends and correlations that might go undetected in text-based data can be exposed and recognized easier with data visualization software. Data visualization is the presentation of quantitative information in a graphical form. In other words, data visualizations turn large and small data-sets into visuals that are easier for the human brain to understand and process. 

Data visualizations are surprisingly common in our everyday life, but they often appear in the form of well-known charts and graphs. It can be used to discover unknown facts and trends. Good data visualizations are created when communication, data science, and design collide. Data visualizations done right offer key insights into complicated data-sets in ways that are meaningful and intuitive
